July 20, 2016 Via E-mail Daniel S. Glaser President and Chief Executive Officer Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. 1166 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10036-2774 Re: Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2015 Filed February 24, 2016 File No. 1-05998 Dear Mr. Glaser: We have limited our review of your filing to your contacts with countries that have been identified as state sponsors of terrorism, and we have the following comments. Our review with respect to this issue does not preclude further review by the Assistant Director group with respect to other issues. At this juncture, we are asking you to provide us with information so we may better understand your disclosure. Please respond to this letter within ten business days by providing the requested information, or by advising us when you will provide the requested response. If you do not believe our comments apply to your facts and circumstances, please tell us why in your response. After reviewing the information you provide in response to this comment, we may have additional comments. General 1. In your letter to us dated October 31, 2013, you discussed certain activities related to Sudan and Syria. You indicate on page 18 that you may incur costs and difficulties in complying with U.S. trade sanctions laws relating to countries including Sudan and Syria. As you are aware, Sudan and Syria are designated by the State Department as state sponsors of terrorism and are subject to U.S. economic sanctions and export controls. Your Form 10-K does not include disclosure about contacts with those countries. Please provide us with information regarding your contacts with Sudan and Syria since the referenced letter. You should describe any products or services you have provided into Sudan and Syria, directly or indirectly, and any agreements, arrangements or other contacts you have had with the governments of Sudan and Syria or entities they control. Daniel S. Glaser Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. July 20, 2016 Page 2 2. Please discuss the materiality of any contacts with Sudan and Syria you describe in response to the comment above, and whether the contacts constitute a material investment risk for your security holders. You should address materiality in quantitative terms, including the approximate dollar amounts of any revenues, assets and liabilities associated with Sudan and Syria for the last three fiscal years and the subsequent interim period. Also, address materiality in terms of qualitative factors that a reasonable investor would deem important in making an investment decision, including the potential impact of corporate activities upon a company’s reputation and share value. As you know, various state and municipal governments, universities and other investors have proposed or adopted divestment or similar initiatives regarding investment in companies that do business with U.S.-designated state sponsors of terrorism. You should address the potential impact of the investor sentiment evidenced by such actions directed toward companies that have operations associated with Sudan and Syria. We urge all persons who are responsible for the accuracy and adequacy of the disclosure in the filing to be certain that the filing includes the information the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and all applicable Exchange Act rules require. Since the company and its management are in possession of all facts relating to the company’s disclosure, they are responsible for the accuracy and adequacy of the disclosures they have made. In responding to our comments, please provide a written statement from the company acknowledging that:  the company is responsible for the adequacy and accuracy of the disclosure in the filing;  staff comments or changes to disclosure in response to staff comments do not foreclose the Commission from taking any action with respect to the filing; and  the company may not assert staff comments as a defense in any proceeding initiated by the Commission or any person under the federal securities laws of the United States. Please contact Pradip Bhaumik, Special Counsel, at (202) 551-3333 or me at (202) 551- 3470 if you have any questions about the comments or our review. Sincerely, /s/ Cecilia Blye Cecilia Blye, Chief Office of Global Security Risk cc: Suzanne Hayes Assistant Director Division of Corporation Finance