December 21, 2017 Via E-mail Juan R. Luciano Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Archer-Daniels-Midland Company 77 West Wacker Drive, Suite 4600 Chicago, Illinois 60601 Re: Archer-Daniels-Midland Company Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2016 Filed February 17, 2017 File No. 1-00044 Dear Mr. Luciano: We have limited our review of your filing to your contacts with countries that have been identified as state sponsors of terrorism, and we have the following comments. Our review with respect to this issue does not preclude further review by the Assistant Director group with respect to other issues. At this juncture, we are asking you to provide us with information so we may better understand your disclosure. Please respond to this letter within ten business days by providing the requested information, or by advising us when you will provide the requested response. If you do not believe our comments apply to your facts and circumstances, please tell us why in your response. After reviewing the information you provide in response to these comments, we may have additional comments. General 1. You stated in your letter to us dated September 5, 2014 that you sold, and expected to continue selling, “agricultural commodities, food, food ingredients, animal feed or animal feed ingredients” to Sudan and Syria. Sudan and Syria are countries which are designated by the State Department state sponsors of terrorism, and are subject to U.S. economic sanctions and/or export controls. Your Form 10-K does not describe contacts with those countries. Please describe to us the nature and extent of your past, current and anticipated contacts with Sudan and Syria since the referenced letter, whether through subsidiaries, distributors, joint ventures or other direct or indirect arrangements. You should describe specifically the goods or services you have provided into Sudan and Syria, directly or indirectly, and any agreements, arrangements or other contacts you have had with the governments of those countries or entities they control. Juan R. Luciano Archer-Daniels-Midland Company December 21, 2017 Page 2 2. Please discuss the materiality of any contacts with Sudan and Syria you describe in response to the comment above, and whether the contacts constitute a material investment risk for your security holders. You should address materiality in quantitative terms, including the approximate dollar amounts of any revenues, assets and liabilities associated with Sudan and Syria for the last three fiscal years and the subsequent interim period. Also, address materiality in terms of qualitative factors that a reasonable investor would deem important in making an investment decision, including the potential impact of corporate activities upon a company’s reputation and share value. As you know, various state and municipal governments, universities and other investors have proposed or adopted divestment or similar initiatives regarding investment in companies that do business with U.S.-designated state sponsors of terrorism. You should address the potential impact of the investor sentiment evidenced by such actions directed toward companies that have operations associated with Sudan and Syria. We remind you that the company and its management are responsible for the accuracy and adequacy of their disclosures, notwithstanding any review, comments, action or absence of action by the staff. Please contact Pradip Bhaumik, Special Counsel, at (202) 551-3333 or me at (202) 551- 3470 if you have any questions about the comments or our review. Sincerely, /s/ Cecilia Blye Cecilia Blye, Chief Office of Global Security Risk cc: Roger Schwall Assistant Director Division of Corporation Finance