Mail Stop 4628 May 5, 2017 Via E-Mail Brian T. Gladden Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mondelez International Inc. Three Parkway North Deerfield, IL 60015 Re: Mondelez International Inc. Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 12, 2016 Filed February 24, 2017 File No. 1-16483 Dear Mr. Gladden: We have limited our review of your filing to your contacts with countries that have been identified as state sponsors of terrorism, and we have the following comments. Our review with respect to this issue does not preclude further review by the Assistant Director group with respect to other issues. In our comments, we ask you to provide us with information so we may better understand your disclosure. Please respond to these comments within ten business days by providing the requested information or advise us as soon as possible when you will respond. If you do not believe our comments apply to your facts and circumstances, please tell us why in your response. After reviewing your response to these comments, we may have additional comments. General 1. A transcript of your second quarter 2016 earnings conference call shows that your Chief Financial Officer described countries including Syria as challenging markets in which consumer demand has been down. A 2015 news article reports that your newly appointed managing director of EEMEA will oversee sales, planning, analysis and trade marketing in countries including Sudan. Syria and Sudan are designated by the State Department as state sponsors of terrorism, and are subject to U.S. economic sanctions and export controls. Your Form 10-K does not provide disclosure about those countries. Please describe to us the nature and extent of your past, current, and anticipated contacts with Syria and Sudan, whether through subsidiaries, affiliates, distributors, resellers or other direct or indirect arrangements. You should describe any products or services you have provided to Syria and Sudan, directly or indirectly, and any agreements, commercial Brian T. Gladden Mondelez International Inc. May 5, 2017 Page 2 arrangements, or other contacts with the governments of those countries or entities they control. 2. Please discuss the materiality of the contacts with Syria and Sudan you describe in response to the comment above, and whether those contacts constitute a material investment risk for your security holders. You should address materiality in quantitative terms, including the approximate dollar amounts of any associated revenues, assets, and liabilities for the last three fiscal years and the subsequent interim period. Also, address materiality in terms of qualitative factors that a reasonable investor would deem important in making an investment decision, including the potential impact of corporate activities upon a company’s reputation and share value. Various state and municipal governments, universities, and other investors have proposed or adopted divestment or similar initiatives regarding investment in companies that do business with U.S.- designated state sponsors of terrorism. You should address the potential impact of the investor sentiment evidenced by such actions directed toward companies that have operations associated with Syria and Sudan. We remind you that the company and its management are responsible for the accuracy and adequacy of their disclosures, notwithstanding any review, comments, action or absence of action by the staff. You may contact Jennifer Hardy, Special Counsel, at (202) 551-3767 or me at (202) 551- 3470 if you have any questions about the comments or our review. Sincerely, /s/ Cecilia Blye Cecilia Blye, Chief Office of Global Security Risk cc: Roger Schwall Assistant Director