Mail Stop 4628 December 28, 2017 Via E-Mail Christa Davies Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Aon plc 122 Leadenhall Street London EC3V 4AN England Re: Aon plc Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2016 Filed February 23, 2017 File No. 1-7933 Dear Ms. Davies: We have limited our review of your filing to your contacts with countries that have been identified as state sponsors of terrorism, and we have the following comments. Our review with respect to this issue does not preclude further review by the Assistant Director group with respect to other issues. In our comments, we ask you to provide us with information so we may better understand your disclosure. Please respond to these comments within ten business days by providing the requested information or advise us as soon as possible when you will respond. If you do not believe our comments apply to your facts and circumstances, please tell us why in your response. After reviewing your response to these comments, we may have additional comments. General 1. In your letter to us dated July 15, 2014, you discussed contacts with Syria and Sudan. As you are aware, Syria and Sudan are designated by the State Department as state sponsors of terrorism and are subject to U.S. economic sanctions and/or export controls. You do not provide disclosure about Syria or Sudan in your Form 10-K. Please describe to us the nature and extent of any past, current, and anticipated contacts with Syria or Sudan since your 2014 letter, whether through subsidiaries, reinsurers, clients, affiliates, or other direct or indirect arrangements. In this respect, we are aware of a recent news article reporting that Aon Tunisie signed a memorandum of understanding with a Sudanese company. You should describe any services, technology or products you have provided to Syria or Sudan, directly or indirectly, and any agreements, commercial arrangements, Christa Davies Aon plc December 28, 2017 Page 2 or other contacts with the governments of those countries or entities that they control. 2. Please discuss the materiality of any contacts with Syria and Sudan you describe in response to the comment above, and whether those contacts constitute a material investment risk for your security holders. You should address materiality in quantitative terms, including the approximate dollar amounts of any associated revenues, assets, and liabilities for the last three fiscal years and the subsequent interim period. Also, address materiality in terms of qualitative factors that a reasonable investor would deem important in making an investment decision, including the potential impact of corporate activities upon a company’s reputation and share value. As you know, various state and municipal governments, universities, and other investors have proposed or adopted divestment or similar initiatives regarding investment in companies that do business with U.S.-designated state sponsors of terrorism. You should address the potential impact of the investor sentiment evidenced by such actions directed toward companies that have operations associated with Syria and Sudan. We remind you that the company and its management are responsible for the accuracy and adequacy of their disclosures, notwithstanding any review, comments, action or absence of action by the staff. You may contact Jennifer Hardy, Special Counsel, at (202) 551-3767 or me at (202) 551- 3470 if you have any questions about the comments or our review. Sincerely, /s/ Cecilia Blye Cecilia Blye, Chief Office of Global Security Risk cc: Peter Lieb Executive Vice President and General Counsel Suzanne Hayes Assistant Director