CORRESP 1 filename1.htm CORRESP April 8, 2016 Mr. Larry Spirgel Assistant Director U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Division of Corporation Finance 100 F Street, NE Mail Stop 3720 Washington, D.C. 20549 Re: Ciena Corporation Form 10-K for Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2015 Filed December 21, 2015 File No. 001-36250 Dear Mr. Spirgel: This letter is in response to the Staff’s comment letter dated March 23, 2016, with respect to the above referenced Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2015 (the “ FY’15 Form 10-K ”) filed by Ciena Corporation (the “ Company” or “ Ciena ”). Below are Ciena’s responses to the Staff’s comments. For the convenience of the Staff, we have set out each of the Staff’s comments in italics immediately preceding Ciena’s corresponding response. Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2015 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, page 42 Liquidity and Capital Resources, page 57 1. If significant to an understanding of your liquidity, please disclose the amount of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held by foreign subsidiaries. Additionally, to the extent material, please describe any significant amounts that may not be available for U.S. operations related to cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held by foreign subsidiaries where you consider earnings to be permanently reinvested. Also, address the potential tax implications of repatriation. Ciena supplementally advises the Staff that as of October 31, 2015, over 96% of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were held in the United States. Accordingly, we believe that the amount of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held by our foreign subsidiaries is not significant to an understanding of our liquidity as of October 31, 2015. As indicated in Note 1 to Ciena’s FY’15 Form 10-K: “Ciena has not provided for U.S. deferred income taxes on the cumulative unremitted earnings of its non-U.S. affiliates, as it plans to indefinitely reinvest cumulative unremitted foreign earnings outside the U.S., and it is not practicable to determine the unrecognized deferred income taxes. These cumulative Securities and Exchange Commission Ciena Corporation April 8, 2016 unremitted foreign earnings relate to ongoing operations in foreign jurisdictions and are required to fund foreign operations, capital expenditures and any expansion requirements.” Given that less than 4% of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were held by foreign subsidiaries as of the end of fiscal 2015, we do not believe that there were any significant amounts held by foreign subsidiaries, where Ciena considers earnings to be permanently reinvested, that may not be available for U.S. operations. Accordingly, we submit that a further description of the availability of such amounts for U.S. operations is not material to an understanding of our liquidity as of October 31, 2015. And, because of the immateriality of those amounts, in the event such funds held by our foreign subsidiaries were repatriated, we believe that any resulting tax implications would not be material. To address the Staff’s comment, however, in future filings we will disclose the following in the liquidity and capital resources section of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: (i) the amount of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held by our foreign subsidiaries, and (ii) to the extent material to an understanding of Ciena’s liquidity, (a) the availability of any foreign amounts to fund U.S operations, and (b) the resulting tax implications of any repatriation of such funds. Notes to Financial Statements Note (19), Income Taxes, page 98 2. Please disclose the cumulative amount of each type of temporary differences for which a deferred tax liability has not been recognized, pursuant to ASC 740-30-50-2.b. As indicated in Note 1 to Ciena’s FY’15 Form 10-K, “Ciena has not provided for U.S. deferred income taxes on the cumulative unremitted earnings of its non-U.S. affiliates, as it plans to indefinitely reinvest cumulative unremitted foreign earnings outside the U.S., and it is not practicable to determine the unrecognized deferred income taxes.” As a result, and in accordance with ASC 740-30-50, U.S. income tax has not been recognized on unremitted foreign earnings that are considered indefinitely reinvested outside the United States. Ciena supplementally advises the Staff that as of October 31, 2015, the cumulative amount of such temporary differences for which a deferred tax liability has not been recognized totaled approximately $220 million. Ciena also confirms that there are no other significant temporary differences for which a deferred tax liability has not been recognized pursuant to ASC 740-30-50-2b. In response to the Staff's comment regarding Note 19, and in consideration of ASC 740-30-50-2.b., we will in future filings, to the extent material, include in our Income Tax footnote the cumulative amount of each type of temporary difference for which a deferred tax liability has not been recognized. **** The Company acknowledges that (i) the Company is responsible for the adequacy and accuracy of the disclosure in the filings; (ii) Staff comments or changes to disclosure in response to Staff comments do not foreclose the Commission from taking any action with respect to the filings; and (iii) the Company may not assert Staff comments as a defense in any proceeding initiated by the Commission or any person under the federal securities laws of the United States. Securities and Exchange Commission Ciena Corporation April 8, 2016 If you have any questions concerning this letter or if you would like any additional information please do not hesitate to call me at (410) 981-7495, Andrew Petrik, Ciena’s Controller at (410) 865-8081 or Erik J. Lichter, Ciena’s Vice President and Deputy General Counsel at (410) 694-5758. Very truly yours, /S/ James E. Moylan, Jr. James E. Moylan, Jr. Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer cc: Robert S. Littlepage, Accountant Branch Chief Joseph Cascarano, Senior Staff Accountant Dean Suehiro, Senior Staff Accountant Will Mastrianna, Attorney Kathleen Krebs, Special Counsel Andrew C. Petrik, Vice President and Controller David M. Rothenstein, Sr. Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Erik J. Lichter, Vice President and Deputy General Counsel Michael J. Silver, Hogan Lovells US LLP