CORRESP 1 filename1.htm CORRESP December 3, 2020 VIA EDGAR U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Division of Corporation Finance Office of Technology 100 F Street, N.E. Washington, D.C. 20549 Attention: Katherine Bagley Lilyanna Peyser James Giugliano Theresa Brillant RE: DoorDash, Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-1 File No. 333-250056 Acceleration Request Requested Date: December 7, 2020 Requested Time: 4:00 PM, Eastern Time Ladies and Gentlemen: In accordance with Rule 461 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Act ”), Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters, hereby join DoorDash, Inc. (the “ Company ”) in requesting that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ Commission ”) take appropriate action to cause the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-250056) (the “ Registration Statement ”) to become effective on December 7, 2020, at 4:00 PM, Eastern Time, or as soon as practicable thereafter, as practicable thereafter, or at such later time as the Company or its counsel may orally request via telephone call to the staff of the Division of Corporation Finance of the Commission. Pursuant to Rule 460 under the Act, please be advised that the underwriters have distributed approximately 3,534 copies of the Preliminary Prospectus dated November 30, 2020 through the date hereof, to underwriters, dealers, institutions and others, prior to the requested effective time of the Registration Statement. We, as representative of the several underwriters, have complied and will comply, and we have been informed by the participating underwriters that they have complied and will comply, with the requirements of Rule 15c2-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, to the extent applicable. [Signature Page Follows] Very truly yours, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC By: /s/ Will Connolly Name: Will Connolly Title: Managing Director J.P. Morgan Securities LLC By: /s/ Bianca Buck Name: Bianca Buck Title: VP TMT ECM cc: Tony Xu, DoorDash, Inc. Prabir Adarkar, DoorDash, Inc. Keith D. Yandell, DoorDash, Inc. Tia A. Sherrington, DoorDash, Inc. Brian E. Brown, DoorDash, Inc. Rob Moreno, DoorDash, Inc. Rezwan D. Pavri, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C. Tony Jeffries, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C. Shannon R. Delahaye, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C. Lang Liu, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati , P.C. Heidi Mayon, Goodwin Procter LLP Julia White, Goodwin Procter LLP [Signature Page to Acceleration Request]